h1. Sweep Plugin

Source code of the intellij IDEA "Sweep plugin":https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/9434-sweep.
This is a plugin for the various Jetbrains IDEs, working in IntelliJ IDEA, PhpStorm, WebStorm, PyCharm, RubyMine, AppCode, CLion, Gogland, DataGrip, Rider and Android Studio.


h2. Description

The plugin adds a button to the main toolbar, which allows to quickly sweep selected temporary files and directories within your project.

* One or more folders of temporary files within the current project are configurable in the project settings
* The settings allow to de/activate deletion of hidden files and directories
* Specific files/directories can be excluded from deletion using ignore-patterns


h2. Keyboard-shortcut

A keyboard shortcut can be assigned under Preferences > Keymap > Plugins > Sweep > Sweep Files


h2. Please note

The plugin is a tool for deleting configured directories and files located within your project, it is NOT a shortcut to remotely evoke clearing the cache of a specific browser or other application.
This plugin is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.


h2. Credits

Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com

h2. Changelog

Read full changelog: https://github.com/kstenschke/sweep-plugin/blob/master/CHANGELOG.textile

h2. License

Copyright 2013-2017 Kay Stenschke

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

"http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
